[in_app_purchase] Explanation for casting details to implementations (#4008)
flutter/plugins: packages/in_app_purchase/in_app_purchase/README.md

    .buyNonConsumable(purchaseParam: purchaseParam);
```

### Accessing platform specific product or purchase properties

The function `_inAppPurchase.queryProductDetails(productIds);` will give you a `ProductDetailsResponse` with a list of 
purchasable products of type `List<ProductDetails>`. This `ProductDetails` class is a platform independent class 

> with only properties available on both platforms. However, when you want to access some specific

Reviewer: When you want => if you like

Author: @rickdijk or `if you need to`?

Reviewer: That's even better

platform properties this is also possible. The `ProductDetails` object is of subtype `GooglePlayProductDetails`
when the platform is Android and `AppStoreProductDetails` on iOS. Accessing the skuDetails, resp. skProduct gives
you all the information that is available in the original platform objects.

This is an example on how to get the `introductoryPricePeriod` on Android:
```dart
import 'package:in_app_purchase_android/in_app_purchase_android.dart';

if (productDetails is GooglePlayProductDetails) {

>   var skuDetails = (productDetails as GooglePlayProductDetails).skuDetails;

Author: I thought about removing the cast, but that doesn't work if it is a property of the class. By doing this cast at least it always compiles and otherwise the reader might be confused if it does not. An ugly example of what would not work:
```
  late PurchaseDetails purchaseDetails;
  void deliverProduct(PurchaseDetails details) async {
    purchaseDetails = details;

    if (purchaseDetails is GooglePlayPurchaseDetails) {
      var billingClientPurchase = purchaseDetails.billingClientPurchase;
      print(billingClientPurchase.originalJson);
    }
}
```

>   var skuDetails = (productDetails as GooglePlayProductDetails).skuDetails;

Reviewer 2: Understood, in that case leaving the cast would be the right solution.

  print(skuDetails.introductoryPricePeriod);
}
```

And this way you get the subscriptionGroupIdentifier of a subscription on iOS:
```dart
import 'package:in_app_purchase_ios/in_app_purchase_ios.dart';

if (productDetails is AppStoreProductDetails) {

>   var skProduct = (productDetails as AppStoreProductDetails).skProduct;

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15101411/120666868-3abf9900-c48d-11eb-9fe9-a4af0a88ecf6.png)

It looks like `SKProductWrapper` is not being exported from the `in_app_purchase_ios` package, so I cannot replace `var` with `SKProductWrapper`

  print(skProduct.subscriptionGroupIdentifier);
}
```

> The `purchaseStream` gives you objects of type `PurchaseDetails`. This object gives you all information that is 

Reviewer: `gives you` => `provides you with`
`This object gives you all information` => `'PurchaseDetails' provides you with`

> available on any platform, such as purchaseID and transactionDate, but here you can also access the platform 

Reviewer: ... such as purchaseID and transactionDate. In addition you will be able to acces the platform specific properties.

> available on any platform, such as purchaseID and transactionDate, but here you can also access the platform 

Reviewer 2: I learned from Stuart that we should try to refrain from using "you" as it might lead to confusion (who is the "you" that is being referred to).

I also suggest to changed "on any platform" into "on all endorsed platforms", this will limit the scope to all platforms that are guaranteed to be supported by this plugin: 

```suggestion
available on all endorsed platforms, such as purchaseID and transactionDate, but here it is also possible to access the platform 
```

specific properties. The `PurchaseDetails` object is of subtype `GooglePlayPurchaseDetails` 
when the platform is Android and `AppStorePurchaseDetails` on iOS. Accessing the billingClientPurchase, resp. 

> skPaymentTransaction gives you all the information that is available in the original platform objects.

Reviewer: gives you all => provides you with all

This is an example on how to get the `originalJson` on Android:
```dart
import 'package:in_app_purchase_android/in_app_purchase_android.dart';

if (purchaseDetails is GooglePlayPurchaseDetails) {

>   var billingClientPurchase = (purchaseDetails as GooglePlayPurchaseDetails).billingClientPurchase;

Reviewer 2: The cast is not necessary and the code should explicitly declare types:
```suggestion
  PurchaseWrapper billingClientPurchase = purchaseDetails.billingClientPurchase;
```

  print(billingClientPurchase.originalJson);
}
```

> And this way you get the `transactionState` of a purchase on iOS:

Reviewer: `And this way you get the 'transactionState' of a purchase on iOS:` => `How to get the 'transactionState' of a purchase in iOS`

```dart
import 'package:in_app_purchase_ios/in_app_purchase_ios.dart';

if (purchaseDetails is AppStorePurchaseDetails) {

>   var skProduct = (purchaseDetails as AppStorePurchaseDetails).skPaymentTransaction;

Reviewer 2: The cast is not necessary and the code should explicitly declare types:
```suggestion
  SKPaymentTransactionWrapper skProduct = purchaseDetails.skPaymentTransaction;
```

  print(skProduct.transactionState);
}
```

> Note that you need to import `in_app_purchase_android` and/or `in_app_purchase_ios`.

Reviewer: `Please note ...` or `Be aware ...` looks better to me

> Note that you need to import `in_app_purchase_android` and/or `in_app_purchase_ios`.

Reviewer 2: Try to prevent "you":

```suggestion
Note that it is required to import `in_app_purchase_android` and/or `in_app_purchase_ios`.
```

when the platform is Android and `AppStorePurchaseDetails` on iOS. Accessing the billingClientPurchase, resp. 
skPaymentTransaction provides all the information that is available in the original platform objects.

This is an example on how to get the `originalJson` on Android:
```dart
//import for GooglePlayPurchaseDetails
import 'package:in_app_purchase_android/in_app_purchase_android.dart';
//import for PurchaseWrapper
import 'package:in_app_purchase_android/billing_client_wrappers.dart';

if (purchaseDetails is GooglePlayPurchaseDetails) {
  PurchaseWrapper billingClientPurchase = (purchaseDetails as GooglePlayPurchaseDetails).billingClientPurchase;
  print(billingClientPurchase.originalJson);
}
```

How to get the `transactionState` of a purchase in iOS:
```dart
//import for AppStorePurchaseDetails
import 'package:in_app_purchase_ios/in_app_purchase_ios.dart';
//import for SKProductWrapper
import 'package:in_app_purchase_ios/store_kit_wrappers.dart';

if (purchaseDetails is AppStorePurchaseDetails) {
  SKPaymentTransactionWrapper skProduct = (purchaseDetails as AppStorePurchaseDetails).skPaymentTransaction;
  print(skProduct.transactionState);
}
```

> Please note that it is required need to import `in_app_purchase_android` and/or `in_app_purchase_ios`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Please note that it is required to import `in_app_purchase_android` and/or `in_app_purchase_ios`.
```

    .buyNonConsumable(purchaseParam: purchaseParam);
```

### Accessing platform specific product or purchase properties

The function `_inAppPurchase.queryProductDetails(productIds);` provides a `ProductDetailsResponse` with a 
list of purchasable products of type `List<ProductDetails>`. This `ProductDetails` class is a platform independent class 

> with only properties available on both platforms. However, sometimes it is necessary to access some specific
> platform properties this is also possible. The `ProductDetails` object is of subtype `GooglePlayProductDetails`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
containing properties only available on all endorsed platforms. However, in some cases it is necessary to access platform specific properties. The `ProductDetails` instance is of subtype `GooglePlayProductDetails`
```

> when the platform is Android and `AppStoreProductDetails` on iOS. Accessing the skuDetails, resp. skProduct provides
> all the information that is available in the original platform objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
when the platform is Android and `AppStoreProductDetails` on iOS. Accessing the skuDetails (on Android) or the skProduct (on iOS) provides all the information that is available in the original platform objects.
```

This is an example on how to get the `introductoryPricePeriod` on Android:
```dart
//import for GooglePlayProductDetails
import 'package:in_app_purchase_android/in_app_purchase_android.dart';
//import for SkuDetailsWrapper
import 'package:in_app_purchase_android/billing_client_wrappers.dart';

if (productDetails is GooglePlayProductDetails) {
  SkuDetailsWrapper skuDetails = (productDetails as GooglePlayProductDetails).skuDetails;
  print(skuDetails.introductoryPricePeriod);
}
```

And this is the way to get the subscriptionGroupIdentifier of a subscription on iOS:
```dart
//import for AppStoreProductDetails
import 'package:in_app_purchase_ios/in_app_purchase_ios.dart';
//import for SKProductWrapper
import 'package:in_app_purchase_ios/store_kit_wrappers.dart';

if (productDetails is AppStoreProductDetails) {
  SKProductWrapper skProduct = (productDetails as AppStoreProductDetails).skProduct;
  print(skProduct.subscriptionGroupIdentifier);
}
```

The `purchaseStream` provides objects of type `PurchaseDetails`. PurchaseDetails' provides all 
information that is available on all endorsed platforms, such as purchaseID and transactionDate. In addition, it is 

> also possible to access the platform specific properties. The `PurchaseDetails` object is of subtype `GooglePlayPurchaseDetails` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion 
possible to access the platform specific properties. The `PurchaseDetails` object is of subtype `GooglePlayPurchaseDetails` 
```
